
Terms and conditions, Agreement between user and Infinity: 

Welcome to Infinity. The Infinity website (the “site”) is comprised of various pages operated by Infinity. Infinity is offered to you conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions, and notices contained herein (the “Terms”). Your use of Infinity constitutes your agreement to all such Terms. Please read these terms carefully, and keep a copy of them for your reference.
  
Privacy: 
 Your use of Infinity is subject to Infinity's Privacy Policy. Please review our Privacy Policy, which also governs the Site and informs users of our data collection practices.
  
Electronic Communications: 
 Visiting Infinity or sending emails to Infinity constitutes electronic communications. You consent to receive electronic communications and you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provided to you electronically, via email and on the Site, satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
  
Your account: 
 If you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibly for all activities that occur under your account of password. You may not assign or otherwise transfer your account to any other parson or entity. You acknowledge that Infinity is not responsible for third party access to your account that results from theft or misappropriation of your account. Infinity and its associates reserve the right to refuse or conceal service, terminate accounts, or remove or edit content in our sole discretion.
  
Cancellation Policy: 
 You may cancel your account at any time. Infinity reserves the right to keep all data related to your account indefinitely.
  
Links to third party sites: 
 Infinity may contain links to other websites (“Linked Sites”). The Linked Sites are not under the control of Infinity and Infinity is not responsible for the content of any Linked Site, including without limitation any link contained in a Linked Site, or any changes or updates to a Linked Site. Infinity is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Infinity of the site or  any association with its operators.
  
No unlawful or prohibited use/Intellectual Property: 
 You are granted a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to access and use Infinity strictly in accordance with these terms of use. As a condition of your use of the Site, you warrant Infinity that you will not use the Site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms. You may not use the Site in any manner which could damage, overburden, or impair the Site or interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment of the Site. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided through the Site.
 All content included as part of the Service, such as text, graphics, logos, images, as well as the compilation thereof, and any software used on the Site, is the property of Infinity or its suppliers and protected by copyright and other laws that protect intellectual property and proprietary rights. You agree to observe and abide by all the copyright and other proprietary notices, legends or other restrictions contained in any such content and will not make any changes thereto.
 You will not modify, publish, transmit, reverse engineer, participate in the transfer or sale, create derivative works, or in any way exploit any of the content, in whole or in part, found on the Site. Infinity content is not for resale. Your use of the Site does not entitle you to make any unauthorized use of any protected content, and in particular you will not delete or alter any proprietary rights or attribution notices in any content. You will use protected content solely for your personal use, and will make no other use of the content without the express written permission of Infinity and the copyright owner. You agree that you do not acquire any ownership right in any protected content. We do not grant you any licenses, express or implied, to the intellectual property of Infinity or our licensors except as expressly authorized by the Terms.
  
Use of communication services: 
 The Site may contain bulletin board services, chat areas, news groups, forums, communities, personal web pages, calendars, and/or other message or communication facilities designed to enable you to communicate with the public at large or with a group (collectively, “Communication Services”), you agree to use the Communication Services only to post, send and receive messages and material that are proper and related to the particular Communication Service.
 
 By way of example, and not as a limitation, you agree that when using a Communication Service, you will not: defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others; publish, post, upload, distribute or disseminate any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful topic, name material or information; upload files that contain software or other material protected by intellectual property laws (or by rights of privacy of publicity) unless you own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consents; upload files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another's computer; advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any business purpose, unless such Communication Service specifically allows such messages; conduct or forward surveys, contests, pyramid schemes or chain letters; download any file posted by another user of a Communication Service that you know, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally distributed in such manner; falsify or delete any author attributions, legal or other proper notices of proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded, restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Communication Services; violate any code of conduct or other guidelines which may be applicable for any particular Communication Service; harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including email addresses, without their consent; violate any applicable laws or regulations.
 
 Infinity has no obligation to monitor the Communication Services. However, Infinity reserves the right to review materials posted to a Communication Service and to remove any materials in its sole discretion. Infinity reserves the right to terminate you access to any or all of the Communication Services at any time without notice for any reason whatsoever.
 
 Infinity reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process or government request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, in Infinity's sole discretion.
 
 Always use caution when giving out any personally identifying information about yourself or your children in any Communication Service. Infinity does not control or endorse the content, messages or information found in any Communication Service and, therefore, Infinity specifically disclaims any liability with regard to the Communication Services and any actions resulting from you participation in and Communication Service. Managers and hosts are not authorized Infinity spokespersons, and their views do not necessarily reflect those of Infinity.
 
 Materials uploaded to a Communication Service may be subject to posted limitations on usage, reproduction and/or dissemination. You are responsible for adhering to such limitations if you upload the materials.
  
 Materials provided to Infinity or posted on any Infinity web page: 
 Infinity does not claim ownership of the materials you provide to Infinity (including feedback and suggestions) or post, upload, input or submit to any Infinity Site or our associated services (collectively “Submissions”). However, by posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting you Submission you are granting Infinity, our affiliated companies and necessary sub-licensees permission to use you Submission in connection with the operation of their Internet businesses including, without limitations, the rights to: copy, distribute, transmit, publicly, display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit, translate and reformat your Submission; and to publish your name in connection with your Submission.
 
 No compensation will be paid with respect to the use of your Submission, as provided herein. Infinity is under no obligation to post of use any Submission you may provide and may remove any Submission at any time in Infinity's sole discretion.
 
 By posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting you Submission you warrant and represent that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to your Submission as described in this section including, without limitation, all the rights necessary for you to provide, post, upload input or submit the Submissions.
  
Indemnification: 
 You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Infinity, its officers, directors, employees, agents and third parties, for any losses, costs, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) relating to or arising out of your use of or inability to use the Site or services, any user postings made by you, your violation of any terms of this Agreement or you violation of any rights of a third party, or your violation of any applicable laws, rules or regulations. Infinity reserves the right, at its own cost, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will fully cooperate with Infinity in asserting any available defenses.
  
Liability disclaimer: 
 The information, software, products, and services included in or available through the site may include inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes are periodically added to the information herein. Infinity and/or its suppliers may make improvements and/or changes in the site at any time.
 
 Infinity and/or its suppliers make no representations about the suitability, reliability, availability, timeliness, and accuracy of the information, software, products, services and related graphics contained on the site for any purpose to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, all such information, software, products, services and related graphics are provided “as is” without warranty or condition of any kind. Infinity and/or its suppliers hereby disclaim all warranties and condition with regard to this information, software, products, services, and related graphics, including all implied warranties or conditions of merchant ability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement.
 
 To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall Infinity and/or its suppliers be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, consequential damages or any damages whatsoever including. Without limitation, damages for loss of data or profits, arising out of or in any way connected with the use or performance of the site, with the delay or inability to use the site or related services, the provision of or failure to provide services, or for any information, software, products, services and related graphics graphics obtained through the site, or otherwise arising out of the use of the site, whether based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability or otherwise, even if Infinity or any of its suppliers has been advised of the possibility of damages. Because some states/jurisdiction do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may not apply to you. If you are dissatisfied with any portion of the site, or with any of these terms of use, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the site.
  
Termination/access restriction: 
 Infinity reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your access to the Site and the related services or any portion thereof at any time, without notice. To the maximum extent permitted by law, this agreement is governed by the law of the United States of America and you hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of courts in the United States of America  in all disputes arising out of or relating to the use of the Site. Use of the Site is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these Terms, including, without limitation, this section.
 
 You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and Infinity as  result of this agreement or use of the Site. Infinity's performance of this agreement is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in this agreement is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in the agreement is in derogation of Infinity's right to comply with governmental, court law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of the Site or information provided to or gathered by Infinity with respect to such use. If any part of this agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of the agreement shall continue in effect.
 
 Unless otherwise specified herein, this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the user and Infinity with respect to the Site and it supersedes all prior contemporaneous communication and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between the user and Infinity with respect to the Site. A printed version of this agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceeding base upon or relating to this agreement to the same extent and subject to the same condition as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. It is the express with to the parties that this agreement and all related documents be written in English.
  
Changes to Terms: 
 Infinity reserves the right, in its sole description, to change the Terms under which Infinity is offered. The most current version of the Terms will supersede all previous versions. Infinity encourages you to periodically review the Terms to stay informed of our updates
 
 

Infinity welcomes your questions or comments regarding the terms and agreements! 


Effective as of 12/8/2012 
    